JavaScript frameworks like Angular, React,
Vue, etc are changing faster than ever.
Although a simple example with Angular would be nice,
it would be out of date faster than we could publish this course.
What has been very consistent though is jQuery.
Before we dive into JavaScript though,
let's look at the Spring configuration we need to
serve up some RESTful services.
Specifically, let's look at RestControllers.
The RestController annotation is the heart of serving up RESTful
services. Looking at it though, it looks very similar to other
controllers that we've already created.
In fact,
we use the same annotation for the GetMapping that
we'd do in a standard controller.
In this particular example,
we're going to call the User URL and get back either a default or
pass in the name that we would like to retrieve.
Obviously in a larger example,
we would pass in a name and retrieve the user from a database. Let's add this RestController to our project now to retrieve a user.